# A Better Pokemon Database (API)
Cute little project I did for my Python Programming class during my Master's program. Includes utilizing an API, front-end design and web face, a database, and more.

# How to Run:
The program includes an empty db.sqlite3 file (an empty database) that needs to be populated with data using the "Reset Database" and "Pull All Evolutions" buttons on the homepage of the web application. To note, gathering the data for both functions will take ~5 minutes, and if the operation is successful, a notification should show up underneath the button that says the function was successful. After both have been completed, the web application should work with full functionality. In order to start the application, while in the Pokemon_Database folder, in a command line type 'source bin/activate' to start up the virutal environment. Afterwards, please use `cd src`, followed by `python manage.py runserver`. In the terminal window, an HTTP link will populate that will lead to the application. I will provide the video I recorded as part of this final project discussing and briefly running through my database: https://youtu.be/6L8cmkX_TgE

# Large File How-To
For my final project, there is a db.sqlite3 file that holds all of the Pokemon and Evolution objects. It is larger than one megabyte when filled, so I will include the link to it in my Google Drive. To get it to work, simply put it in the 'src' folder (src should also hold the folders 'PokemonDatabase', 'pokemon', 'pages', etc.). However, I will push my final project with a BLANK db.sqlite3 file, which is less than a megabyte when there is nothing on it. It allows the app to function correctly and for clean usage/testing of the `Reset Database` and `Pull Evolutions` buttons if desired. Just a quick warning, it will take a little while to pull the data from the API. If for some reason it does not work, try calling `python manage.py makemigrations` and then `python manage.py migrate` in the terminal to reset. If it continues to give a table does not exist error, then please try `python manage.py makemigrations pokemon` followed by `python manage.py migrate`. Django can be a bit temperamental.

I will also include the lib folder just in case my program needs it to run.
Link: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1eJpwEEGJ-aiePxecSpth2aTmHLnHnIg9?usp=sharing
